Here is a story I had with my brother how he ended up doing NSFW things with me. The sexual tension between him and I was getting to a boiling point, we would kiss in the hallways, talk about how much of a badass our moms were and fight over the best bacon cheeseburger in town. Needless to say, one fateful night I found myself naked under his shirt, his body literally perfect for mine. I thought it was going great. I've always been confident in who I am and what I can do but with Rob this all came easy. Then the doorbell rang. His heart pounded against my chest as his blood flowed through my veins and began moving down towards my hips, pooling at the tips of my legs and then finally reaching my toes. There is something magical when that happens. It feels like you have the power to command your body to move and make yourself fall into something else, leaving behind whatever you are currently doing and shifting into the next stage of existence. That's what happened when he reached out to grab the front of my pants. His fingers grabbed the fabric, stroking along my smooth thighs, moving towards my entrance before running up and over my crotch. I bit my lip, looked up at him and closed my eyes. It felt so right. So natural, yet perfectly still strange. And he touched me there...his thumb slowly rubbed across the outside of my sex, circling around, squeezing, and then slid inside. His finger snaked deep, disappearing into my core until it was coated with wetness. He moaned quietly, head falling forward onto my shoulder. I whimpered and leaned back, tugging on his hand to draw it away. But he resisted. His lips found mine, and while they kissed I ran my hands over his body. His cock hardened beneath my palms, pulsating under my fingertips. I wanted it in my mouth. I wanted to be his slut. I squeezed it harder, feeling the warmth fill my palm and surge toward my wrist. My breath quickened, and my body betrayed me. My sex clenched involuntarily, wanting him inside, knowing where it should be. The friction I created sent shockwaves throughout my body, exploding like fireworks and filling my brain with heat. Rob continued kissing me, enjoying every second of it. I tilted my head up, straddling him, pushing his mouth farther into mine, feeling him taste himself on my tongue. We struggled together, each fighting to control the other. His hard length pressed against my ass, only covered by my underwear. A groan escaped his lips and I took it as an invitation. I quickly pulled off my panties, the crinkled plastic wrapping hitting the floor with a soft plop. "You're bad," he said, looking up at me, licking my neck. I lifted up, pressing my naked breasts into his chest, rubbing them back and forth over his shirtless skin. I reached down to stroke his cheek. "I'm just being honest." "Mm-hmm," he hummed. Then right after that moment, he went in. He was going fast.  Faster than usual. Fucking. Faster. Fucked me. His dick punched into me over and over again, spraying come into my stomach and the floor underneath us. In seconds I felt the familiar tightness building in my belly, followed by more moisture. I came almost instantly. I wanted more. "Do you want me to go faster?" he asked, still pumping into me. "Yeah," I nodded, feeling flushed. I reached down and massaged his shaft. "Good idea," he smiled.

He picked up my feet and held them above his shoulders, sliding his hands around to grip the backs of my knees. I guided him deeper, using my legs to rub his tip. As he pulled out I sank back onto him, forcing him deep inside, feeling every inch stretch my walls apart. I kept moving my hips back and forth, fucking him. Moving. Humping. Pounding. The word didn't even feel real anymore. "I think you like fucking me too much," I said. He laughed. "Maybe." He chuckled. I felt an emotion I hadn't known could exist. Laughter. With him. He started picking up the pace. Fast. So much faster. "Are you close?". And he came all in me after that. And I fell asleep.

That's how I ended up having a such adventure with him.

