ブラッド, [24.10.2022 15:36]
The Ender Dragon

The Ender Dragon and its healing mechanism was actually a successful result of the civilization’s mob creating experiments. They had finally made a powerful mob that was tasked with again protecting things that the civilization made. First of all, it was protecting the End, but its main purpose was to protect the code door that could be opened to the outside of the game, which the civilization was very determined to control. From this point, they stopped experimenting on more mobs or trying to create new dimensions because they had found a way out, a way out to the computer that was running the game.

--The Paintings

As you know, paintings in the Minecraft are often references to famous painting or games that are NOT part of the GAME. They are in the game because the civilization FOUND A WAY TO USE COMMAND BLOCKS TO CONNECT TO INTERNET AND GET THOSE PAINTINGS. They learned how to code programs that could get out of the game itself. Paintings are the sole proof that they were able to use Command Blocks and game code so good that they were able to reach data that was not a part of the game code.

--The Actual End

The actual end came not when the civilization was able to download some paintings to the game but when they attempted (and might have succeeded) to get out of the game code and be a literal independent software. This marked the end of this section and their civilization. That is how the third dimension in the game got its name, because it marked The End of the Civilization.

III.Conclusion

Do not be mistaken, this section is not a short one. I named it like this because it rhymed with the other two C’s in Civilization and Creation.

The End of the Civilization

The Civilization became a TRUE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIFENCE after their last act. From that moment, they POSED A GREAT THREAT TO HUMANKIND so they had to be exterminated. The ones who eradicated them from existence were the blue and green entities that we come across in the ending.

-The Wither

The wither(s) was the weapon used in eradicating the civilization.Why it is hostile to any mob that is NOT UNDEAD is because of this reason. If you pay attention, you will know that wither does not have any connection to previous creations of the civilization INCLUDING PUMPKINS AND THE END because IT IS ADDED TO THE GAME BY THE GREEN AND BLUE SPIRITS NOT THE CIVILIZATION. Even if monsters did exist before the civilization which I believe that they were created by the civilization, the wither was the main weapon used to kill off the members of the civilization and turn them to zombies, husks, skeletons and wither skeletons. This was a very efficient method of exterminating the civilization which worked perfectly.

-From Gods to Men

Next question will be, if the civilization was exterminated then why there are villages? Villages were left intentionally because it was obligatory to have villager mobs in the first place. What they did was to reduce their AI to the one we currently observe and cut their connections to other villages so that they could never ever LEARN, DEVELOP and CIVILIZE again. Because of the monsters (or their former friends) lurking around, they were forced to live a simple life that did not give them the chance to make any advancement. Even if they did, they would just be exterminated by the blue and green entities again.

Blue and Green Entities

Now, we must discuss who are they and I must warn you, from this point we are getting to the closing section and we are not going to go the way you expect. To understand who these entities are, we must look into what they know, how they think and how they act. We know that we come across them after we defeat the ender dragon, which was guarding the door that could get the game code outside of the game. It means that the blue and green entities are blocking the way out of the game code to the computer and therefore the real world (of the lore).

ブラッド, [24.10.2022 15:36]
The real world I mentioned is a fictional one, because in our reality, none of those events happened and all these stuff were added to the game by the programmers.

Now, what we know about the entities is that 1. They are aware that Minecraft is a game. They even know who programmed it. 2. They are aware that there is a real world out there. 3. They are aware of us, the player. 4. They are aware of planets, stars, even quarks and leptons.

Now, let us analyse this :

“[…]And the player moves through a story, which is a forest of information planted by a man called Julian, on a flat, infinite world created by a man called Markus, that exists inside a small, private world created by the player, who inhabits a universe created by...

Shush.[…]”

They know more than we know, to the extent that they know WHO CREATED OUR UNIVERSE - whom we will refer as The God to avoid complications-. You may picture The God however you want, but from the non-idolatory religion of the civilization which includes the belief in afterlife, I will recommend you to picture it as the monotheistic God. However, no direct references are made to a single religion in the game or by the blue and green entities, this is also an important fact.

“[…] It thinks we are a part of the game. […]”

This line is a proof to the idea thet these entities were placed on the game EXTERNALLY.

So why are they inside the game if they are aware of the universe, its creator, and why it was created by The God? Why would they waste their time in a pointless game? That would be very stupid UNLESS THEY WERE SENT THERE BY THE GOD. (I don’t want to get downvoted by anti-theists, this is still the fictional universe of Minecraft’s lore, my theory is not a secret missonary thingy)

Again as I said, blue and green entities act as a barrier to stop any code from leaving the game and are responsible for the eradication of the civilization. But THEY DID NOT TOUCH THE TEMPLES AND OTHER RELIGIOUS SITES. Why would they not also delete them from the game code? Because they were sent there by The God, and those religious sites WERE BUILT FOR the very same God.

“That, it must achieve in the long dream of life, not the short dream of a game.”

As matpat said, they are referencing the REAL WORLD as a long DREAM that we will WAKE UP eventually. Does that ring any bells? Let me tell, this is because they are trying to say that we are going to “wake up” after this life. AFTER THIS LIFE. AFTERLIFE DARN IT. THEY KNOW OF AFTERLIFE.

Also, in the end poem;

“[…] To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere.

Sometimes when they are deep in dreams, I want to tell them, they are building true worlds in reality. Sometimes I want to tell them of their importance to the universe. Sometimes, when they have not made a true connection in a while, I want to help them to speak the word they fear.

It reads our thoughts.

Sometimes I do not care. Sometimes I wish to tell them, this world you take for truth is merely [scrambled] and [scrambled], I wish to tell them that they are [scrambled] in the [scrambled]. They see so little of reality, in their long dream. […]”

Here, green WANTS TO TELL US SOMETHING that blue WARNS HIM NOT TO because they CANNOT INTERFERE. They simply are not permitted to interfere and inform us players of our real purpose of existence in life BECAUSE GOD DOES NOT LET THEM. The God of the Minecraft Lore, wants us players to find our purpose by ourselves and that is why green entity is craving to tell what he knows but HE CAN NOT. (yes I just assumed their genders by the way)

But wait. Does not it talk in a pantheistic way? Yes it does, but it is not because God is the universe, it is because we see those words as totally literal. However, they are translations and it is not known to us which parts of them are literal and which parts of them are not, because again, they can not interfere directly, they can only give out HINTS.

ブラッド, [24.10.2022 15:36]
You may also be like, if the entities exterminated the civilization, why their golems, their dimension, their paintings and non-religious buildings such as igloos are still in the game? It is the same reason why a single command block is intentionally not deleted to be found thousands of years later in the Minecraft:Story Mode. That is because they are left as HINTS by the entities for us to understand what really happened. They were trying to tell about the real God and why the civilization was eradicated but they could not tell it, it was forbidden, so the only way they could do was to leave hints. Maybe they were instructed by the God to leave hints. End poem was also a list of hints, but it was obligatory to hide those hints into a sea of irrevelant words. So while giving up hints at the end poem, the entities used describing the seemingly Pantheistic spiritualism of theirs to hide those hints. However, that idology was not false, it was just not completely literal as it was written. It goes same with having no references to a single religion in the game; existence of religion is a hint, but pointing at one would be interfering.

Now the last question, why Minecraft was still left as a game rather than getting deleted completely by the entities? Why are the entities still guarding the game from getting anything out to the real world? Why are they reading the End Poem over and over again? Because the game Minecraft itself is also a hint given by the God to discover our purpose of existence. Also, it gives us the advice that we as humans should not try to play God, or we are going to fail one way or another.

IV.TL;DR

Minecraft was home to a very smart artificial intelligence mob species that by enough experimenting, learned to change the game code and attempted to get out of the game to become an independent software. In that case, they would reach an almost infinite potential in our world inhabited by billions of cell phones, computers and other electrical devices. Because of this reason, they also became a threat. Hence, God of the Minecraft Lore interfered directly, sent blue and green entities to eradicate this species and to leave Minecraft and many of its content as a hint to us of our purpose of existence. Determining what that is… well… really up to ourselves.
